Documentation rework (#324)
andersbogsnes/ml_tooling: docs/storage.rst

.. _storage:

Storage
=======

ArtifactoryStorage
------------------

> First install the optional artifactory module :code:`pip install ml_tooling['artifactory']`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use Artifactory as a backend, first install the optional dependencies by running :code:`pip install ml_tooling['artifactory']`.
```
